I've got something for you
it's for love not luck mom because you
dance like an angel excuse me are you
Sara Johnson your mother's been involved
in an automobile accident oh hey you
dance I used to
guess it was pretty tough we've been all
your friends say all those goodbyes
cool outfit slam it slam an outfit see
how you get your legs or twist like that
I used to dance he used to dance it's
really not a big deal I think it is you
should hit steps with us tomorrow night
steps ain't no square dance it's alright
our dancing circles probably around you
seems like the letting anybody in
quit it Nikki I am walking on eggshells
just cuz you bought the Brady Bunch to
the Negro Club I'm supposed to be dizzy
by now remember moto circles you dance
around me oh sorry sorry
what's he doing to steppin maybe you
want to hook up sometime look on your
moves
yeah sure you want make a sound with me
because I'm usin down to tear some
instead it's the slashing the slash back
like you'll know you all know more Derek
I don't get you too
scary you don't have to understand he's
about friends Sarah
I called Juilliard for an application
they're holding auditions next month
then let's get ready then I see some scx
in those Hipps on is to practice three
or four hours a day never gonna be ready
in time what you want do you want
Juilliard
what I want is to wake up and see my mom
again it was my stupid dream and all she
wanted was for it to come true and I bet
she was still wanted to coach Ruth you
can do this it's how you were born to do
it
I'll show me some attitude
now I'm cooling up you're almost dead